If anyone finds this...
...it means my plan...
MAN 1: Check that one across the hall.
...didn't work...
...and I'm already dead.
MAN 1: Evan?
MAN 2: I think he's in here.
But if I can somehow
go back to the beginning...
...of all of this, I might be able...
MAN 1: Evan!
[DOOR KNOB CLICKING]
...to save her.
MAN 2:
Evan!
[DOG GROWLING]
We're gonna be late again.
When did you ever care about
getting to school on time?
We're putting up pictures for parents' night.
Don't worry, you'll have plenty of time.
Is Dad gonna come?
You know the answer to that.
Can't he just come out for one day?
We've been over this a hundred times.
It's too dangerous for him.
But Lenny said his dad's coming...
...and Tommy and Kayleigh's dad-
Okay, I get the point.
But I'm not so bad, am I?
No.
[ENGINE STARTS]
Okay, have a great day.
I love you. I'll pick you up later. Gotta go.
Bye.
[SCHOOL BELL RINGS]
Bye!
Mrs. Treborn, I need to speak with you.
Can it wait till tonight? I'm late for work-
I think you really need to see this.
[CHILDREN SHOUTING AND YELLING]
Tommy, leave Lenny alone.
Don't make me send you
to Mr. Voytek's office.
I was gonna show this to the principal,
but I thought I should talk to you first.
What is it?
I had all the children make drawings of
what they wanted to be when they grew up.
Most of them made drawings
of what their parents did, but this...
ANDREA:
I don't understand.
Evan did this?
- Can I keep this drawing?
- Oh, of course.
Um, there is one more thing,
Mrs. Treborn...
- ...I feel bad even mentioning.
- What?
When I asked Evan about the drawing...
...well, he couldn't remember doing it.
[SIGHS]
EVAN:
I don't wanna go.
I don't like this place, Mom.
I think it's creepy.
I promise I won't make
any bad pictures. I promise.
You're gonna be fine, okay?
He just wants to do
a couple tests, that's all.
EVAN: Oh...
- You'll like him.
WOMAN:
That's good. You're doing great.
ANDREA: Just tell me he hasn't inherited
his father's illness.
I'm sure the test results
will come back negative.
But there's something else you can do
to monitor his memory.
- Anything.
- A journal.
Just have him write down
everything that he does.
- And what will that do?
- It could help jog his memory.
See if he remembers
anything new the next day.
These test results
will come back in a few days...
- ...and we'll take it from there.
- Okay.
EVAN: Today Mommy is taking me
to play with Kayleigh and Tommy.
I will meet their father
and see what a real dad is like.
[DOG WHINING]
Great, see you soon.
[ANDREA SIGHING]
Evan.
Evan, what are you doing
with that knife?
What happened?
Honey...
...what were you doing with that knife?
I don't remember.
- Hey, Andrea.
- George.
Hello, little man.
Watch your step.
Uh, thanks, George.
- Not a problem.
- Here's my number at the hospital...
...in case there are any problems.
And, urn, please, um,
keep an eye on him because...
Are you kidding? We're gonna have
a great time today, right, sport?
Okay, be good, kiddo. I love you.
- Bye-bye.
- Bye, George.
Go long. Go on.
Right in the back yard. Here it comes.
Evan, Evan, guess what.
Dad got a new video camera...
...and we're all gonna be in a movie.
That's right, Evan.
And you get to be the star.
- I thought I was the star.
- Hey, what did I tell you?
Now, Evan...
...you have to promise...
...your bestest, super-duper promise...
...that this will be our little secret.
- Think you can do that?
- Uh-huh.
I'm r-
Where am I? Where did we all go?
- Calm down, kid, stand still.
EVAN: I was just somewhere else.
How did I get here?
Quit acting like some damn retard,
or I'll call your mother...
...and tell her what a naughty
little shit you've been.
Kayleigh.
What happened?
The good news is the results are negative.
I found no evidence of lesions,
hemorrhaging, tumors.
But you must have
something you can go on.
If I was to guess, I'd say
the blackouts are stress-related.
But he's 7 years old.
What kind of stress
can a 7-year-old have?
Plenty. Maybe he has
severe coping problems...
...about not having a father.
You said the last time
the blackouts occurred...
...he was visiting his friend's dad.
Well, he has been pushing me
to meet his father...
- ...and I've been putting it off.
- It's worth a shot, Andrea.
We can arrange a controlled meeting.
A careful dose of sedatives
for Jason, some security...
...Evan comes in for a quick visit...
...and with a little luck...
...no more missing father complex.
EVAN:
April 15th.
Today I get to meet my father.
His name is Jason and he's crazy.
I hope he lets me call him Dad.
- You mean Dad lives here?
- Not in this wing, actually, no.
Now, if your dad seems a little sleepy...
- ...it's because of the medicine, okay?
- Okay.
It'll just be a moment, okay?
It's okay. I won't bite.
You've seen pictures of me, right?
Uh-huh. Mom says I have your smile...
...and your hair...
I love...
- No!
- ...you!
Unh! He has to die! It's the only way!
ANDREA: Jason, stop!
JASON: Unh!
No!
It's gonna be okay.
It's gonna be all right.
MAN 1:
Yeah, man, he's hurt bad. Get a stretcher.
MAN 2: Let's get him out of here.
ANDREA: I'm so sorry.
PRIEST: In sure and certain hope
of the resurrection to eternal life...
...we commend to Almighty God,
our brother Jason.
The Lord bless him and keep him...
...the Lord make his face
to shine upon him...
...and be gracious unto him...
...and give him peace. Amen.
[EVEN RUDE'S "WHEN ANIMALS ATTACK"
PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS]
TOMMY: Come on, where is it?
Damn, I know it's down here somewhere.
Tommy, I'm bored shitless over here.
What's up already?
LENNY:
What are you looking for?
Shut up, lard ass.
And you, hold your fucking horses.
You know, it's here somewhere.
We should go soon.
If Dad catches us smoking
down here, we're dead.
EVAN:
So let's go.
I knew Dad had
a blockbuster down here!
Let's blow the shit out of something.
Here you go, buddy.
LENNY:
What? No frigging way.
- I'm not touching this thing.
- The hell you aren't.
Any of us does it and you're gonna
puss out and narc for sure.
Ain't gonna work this time, buddy.
Look how small this fuse is.
- I'll get killed.
EVAN: Not necessarily.
There you go.
It should buy you two minutes at least.
Gee, thanks, friend.
Aw, for Christ's sake,
Lenny, you moron, just do it.
- Thanks.
- You got balls, man.
Shit took you long enough.
[EVAN GRUNTS]
What the hell? Come on!
Evan, come on.
Help me get him up!
Evan, get your ass back here
and help me get him up.
What the hell happened?
Where are we?
KAYLEIGH:
Oh, my God. What did we do?
TOMMY:
Evan, come on. Help me. Unh.
KAYLEIGH:
Oh, my God, how could we?
- Come on, let's go!
- Shit, Lenny, what happened to you?
TOMMY: He's fine. He's gonna be okay.
Everything's gonna be fine.
MRS. KAGAN:
What's wrong? Why isn't he speaking?
MEDIC:
He's in shock, ma'am.
[MEDIC SPEAKS INDISTINCTLY]
[INDISTINCT RADIO CHATTER]
ANDREA:
What is it? What happened?
We were just in the woods building a fort...
...when Lenny freaked out.
One minute he was okay...
...and then he just froze up. Right, guys?
ANDREA:
What happened, Evan? The truth.
I don't know. I don't remember.
Something must have happened.
Something set him off.
I blacked it out.
Don't try to use your blackouts
to get out of this one.
[SOBBING]
You're not making it up?
ANDREA:
I don't know.
They're keeping him
overnight for observation.
Uh-huh. I just don't know
what to do with him.
EVAN: The last thing
I remember before the blackout...
...was holding my hands
over Kayleigh's ears.
I think I was more focused on her hands
on mine than the mailbox across the street.
Mom thinks that hypnosis might be
a good way to remember.
[SIGHS]
Damn it.
DR. REDFIELD:
Breathe in and breathe out. And relax.
You are completely asleep.
Relaxed.
I want you to take me to the time
you were in the woods with Lenny.
Think of it like a movie.
You can pause, rewind...
...or slow down any details you wish.
Understand?
Yes.
DR. REDFIELD:
Where are you now?
I'm standing next to Kayleigh.
My hands are over her ears.
Are you hurting her?
No, I'm protecting her.
Okay. Now let's move forward in time.
What do you see?
[EVAN GASPS]
I see a car.
[EVAN GRUNTING]
Yes, Evan, tell me about the car.
Go on.
Nothing can hurt you.
Remember, it's only a movie.
You're completely safe.
I can't-
The car vanishes and all of a sudden...
...I'm on the ground in the woods.
The car doesn't vanish, Evan.
The movie in your head
is broken, that's all.
Now, tell me about the car.
I can't! It's coming-
[GROANING]
DR. REDFIELD:
Fight it, Evan, hurry.
It's coming!
ANDREA: Oh, my God!
- On the count of 10...
...you'll wake up feeling refreshed...
ANDREA: What are you doing?
...and remembering everything.
- What is happening? Make it stop!
- One, you're feeling awake.
Two, your eyes are not feeling as heavy.
- Five, six.
- Wake up!
- Come on, Evan, wake up! Nine, 10.
ANDREA: Wake him up!
Oh, God.
What happened?
Did it work?
EVAN:
All right, thanks, Mom. See you later.
[CHATTERING]
Wipe that sad-ass look off your face
before you get us busted.
Did you see the way
Evan's mom was looking at you?
Sorry.
All right, will someone tell me already
what the hell happened with the mailbox?
[BOTH GRUNT]
Don't you ever
bring that shit up again.
Not ever!
Let's go.
Are you okay?
Holy shit!
Look at that fat fuck!
He's got bigger titties
than Lenny's mom.
- Shh!
- Shut up, faggot.
No one's talking to you.
[MAN SPEAKS INDISTINCTLY]
I'm sorry, Kayleigh, this was a bad idea.
You really don't remember
anything that happened?
You're so lucky.
Look, everything's gonna be okay.
Lenny'll be fine. You'll see.
[GASPS]
Sorry.
It's not your fault. Mrs. Kagan called Dad...
...and blamed us for what happened to Lenny.
Your dad did that?
- I deserve a lot worse.
- What are you talking about?
What you deserve is a better father and brother.
All they do is make you feel like shit.
You really have no clue
how beautiful you are, do you?
What the fuck are you doing?!
BOY: Buying popcorn.
What the fuck are you doing?
- Whoops.
GIRL: I can't believe you freaking did that.
BOY: He's a little punk.
GIRL: Why do you have to be such a dick?
BOY:
Who the fuck cares?
- Ha, ha. Did you see how far he fell?
GIRL: I can't believe you just did that.
BOY: Look, it's just carpet.
GIRL: Ha-ha-ha.
Stop it!
Stop hitting him!
What's wrong with you?!
Somebody, please help us.
All right, that's it, kid. You're out of here.
[LAUGHS]
GIRL:
Get him away!
Now, in another story,
the peaceful town of Briarville...
...was rocked this afternoon
in the wake of a horrible act of vandalism.
While police officials in upstate New York...
...believe this was a simple act
of criminal mischief gone awry...
...the tragedy has clearly
devastated the community.
Now, this was the grisly aftermath
of a powerful explosion...
...believed to have been caused
by an unknown quantity of dynamite.
The police have no leads,
no suspects and no motive for the...
[THUNDER RUMBLES]
Good night.
We're moving.
I can't believe Tommy's still pissed at me.
He knows I'm moving away, right?
He's been acting real strange lately.
He won't even look me
in the eyes anymore.
Duck, here they come.
Did your mom say if Lenny was okay?
He must be. I mean,
they're letting him out, right?
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
EVAN:
Welcome home.
I thought you might like
some fresh air for a change.
- Is Tommy with you guys?
- No. It's cool.
KAYLEIGH:
So, what'd you do in there?
It was awful. You can't sleep...
...because everybody's
screaming all night long.
I never wanna go back.
Do you see that?
EVAN:
Yeah, what's up with the smoke?
[GROWLING]
Crockett!
What are you doing with my dog?!
- Look what you made me do!
- What the hell's wrong with you?!
[GROANING]
[EVAN COUGHING]
Kayleigh. Oh, God,
come on, please wake up.
Wake up, please! Wake up!
Why don't you fucking kiss her,
Prince Charming?
[DOG WHINING]
[GRUNTS]
[GROANING]
How long was I out?
Kayleigh, what's wrong?
[KAYLEIGH SOBS]
Oh, shit.
[EVAN SOBBING]
[ENGINE STARTS]
I'm sorry.
STUDENT:
Aced it.
And time. Put your pencils down...
...and place your blue books
on my desk before you leave.
You too, Mr. Nelson.
We're all in the same time zone here.
NELSON: Fuck you.
- So how'd you do, Evan?
I don't know. I might have got
some of the stories mixed up.
Was it Pavlov that conditioned
his dog to lick his nuts?
[CHUCKLES]
Typical psych major, a complete wise-ass.
How's your project coming?
Are you still planning to change the way...
...we humble scientists
view memory assimilation?
Don't really have a choice.
[AP2'S "HEROIN HATE"
PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS]
I don't wanna hear one excuse
For what's been done to me
You try to stand there and tell me I'm wrong
Oh, jeez, it smells like
patchouli and ass in here.
Cricket, this is my
well-mannered roommate Evan.
Yeah. You're the one
that fucked up the bell curve...
...on my anthropology final.
- Later, Thumper.
- Bye.
CRICKET:
Fucking dick.
- Wow, sweet girl, man.
- I found your shirt, bro.
- Oh, you sick fuck.
- Ha-ha-ha.
All right, man, get dressed.
You're taking me out.
Why, what'd you do,
ace another midterm?
No.
Better than that.
Seven years, no blackouts.
- Fuck, yeah, bro, let's do this! Come on.
- Oh, yeah.
Come and get it. Aah, be gentle with me!
Be gentle! I'm postcoital.
- I'm tender. There's chafing.
- Did she cradle the balls, work the shaft?
[THE JON SPENCER BLUES EXPLOSION'S "THE
MIDNIGHT CREEP" PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS]
Nice.
This fucking guy.
[MEN & WOMAN LAUGHING]
Get the fuck out of my bar.
So, which one of you has the pet worm?
Worms, plural!
Ah. That's so gross.
Talk to him about it. He's got the fetish.
Watch it. It's a psych project actually.
It's a study on memory loss.
Better explain before all this
excitement gives me a heart attack.
[MEN & WOMAN LAUGHING]
Ten bucks says he eats it off the floor.
Well, if I can figure out...
...how the memories
of a simple worm function...
...it should help me to understand
the complexities...
...of the human brain.
THUMPER:
Let me get this shot.
[ALL GASP]
- What the fuck, weirdo?!
MAN: Fuck this!
[WHISTLES]
Well, I guess that's your game.
EVAN: Go, you go.
- Ha-ha-ha.
MAN 1 ;
What have you got there?
[MAN 2 SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY]
MAN 3:
No, no!
It smells like sex in here.
Yeah, ha, ha.
Thumper had a busy afternoon.
You're kidding? He's so big.
[BOTH LAUGH]
Yeah? Well, I guess charisma
and eyeliner go a long way.
- You want a beer?
- Yeah.
You got any incense
or scented candles or something?
EVAN:
Okay.
Whoa, no.
Let me put this away.
Most guys usually tuck porn
under their bed.
- All you've got are comp books?
- Yeah, they're my journals.
I've been keeping them since I was 7.
Wow. Hmm.
- Read me something.
- Uh...
I ought to be getting something out of this.
That's all I gotta say.
Here we go. Ha, ha.
"It's like my mind refuses
to believe what I'm seeing."
Uh...
"Hearing Crockett
make those awful screams..."
Uh... "Just writing about it
gives me the shivers."
Come on. Go on.
"It was like Tommy
was possessed or something.
There was a hate in his eyes that..."
Are you okay?
[DOG GROWLING]
[COUGHS]
EVAN:
Where am I?
What the hell's going on?
[GROANS THEN COUGHS]
I can't get it open!
Drop it...
...or I'll slit your mother's throat
in her sleep.
Unh! I got him, Lenny. Save Crockett!
Listen to me, Evan,
and you listen to me good.
There's a million
other sisters in the world...
...so why'd you have to fuck with mine?
[WHIMPERS]
[GASPS]
It's okay. It was just a dream.
Uh-uh.
- It didn't feel like a dream.
- Maybe because they never do.
So, Don Juan, you pass out
on all your dates?
[DOOR OPENS]
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
Lenny? Hey, I've got a surprise for you.
- You're never gonna guess who's here.
- Hey.
It's me. Evan.
What are you working on there?
A model?
Look, uh...
...I can see that you're busy...
...so I'll try to make this quick.
Remember, uh...
...that day at the junkyard...
...when we were kids?
Well, I was just hoping
you could help me remember.
Like, just any details about it or...
I couldn't cut the rope.
Yeah.
That's good. Urn...
Anything else?
"Drop it or I'll slit
your mother's throat in her sleep!"
Urn...
Jesus Christ.
It really happened.
Wow, uh...
Wow, Lenny, I-
[LENNY GRUNTS]
"Make one peep...
...and I swear it'll be
your last, motherfucker."
"The last thing I remember
before the blackout...
...was holding my hands
over Kayleigh's ears.
I think I was more
focused on her hands on mine...
...than on the mailbox...
...across the street."
LENNY:
Maybe it went out. Should someone check it?
Yeah, you do that, Lenny.
You make one peep and I swear
it'll be your last, motherfucker.
Unh! Fuck.
WOMAN:
What's this? Huh? What's this?
How's my sweet girl?
You need a change, don't you, honey?
You wanna open it?
[EXPLOSION]
KAYLEIGH: Oh! Oh, my God!
TOMMY: Holy shit! Run!
Fuck, Lenny, come on!
Lenny, come on!
Come on, Lenny, let's go!
[ROCK MUSIC
PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS]
[RETCHING AND COUGHING]
THUMPER:
Come up here, bitch.
Christ, man, fucking brutal.
EVAN:
What the-?
EVAN: Hello.
MRS. KAGAN: Hello, who is this?
Mrs. Kagan, um, it's Evan Treborn.
I hope you know
how much you upset Lenny.
Yeah, I'm... Look, I'm really
sorry about that. It's-
It took me over an hour
to clean up the mess you made.
Can I just talk to Lenny?
Don't call here.
[LINE DISCONNECTS]
Mom.
I can't help it. I'm just so proud of you.
Hey, did, uh~? Did Da-
Did Jason get good grades?
Please, he got straight A's
without ever touching a book.
It was the one area
his memory never failed him.
Did he ever say that he, like...
...figured out a way to recall
his lost memories...
...like, years after he blacked them out
in the first place?
- Why do you ask?
- No, I just figured with him being...
...you know, such a brain and all...
...it's like, you would think that he would figure
out a way to remember stuff that he forgot.
Well, when he was your age...
...almost exactly your age,
come to think of it...
...he said he figured out
a way to remember his past.
I couldn't tell if they were
real memories...
...or just his imagination.
Then, just before it got so bad he, uh...
...had to be institutionalized...
...he said he could...
What?
- What could he do?
- Forget it.
It's nothing. He was far too sick by then.
Come on, Mom,
what'd he say that he could do?
What do you say, as a goof?
No, Mom, come on.
"Come on" yourself. It'll be fun.
All right, it's your dime.
[EVAN WHISTLES]
Give me your hand, young man.
- This is supposed to be your trick.
ANDREA: Uh-uh.
[ANDREA CHUCKLES]
No!
[BOTH LAUGH]
Have you ever had
your palm read before?
No, this is the first time,
so be gentle, please.
- What?
- Ha-ha-ha.
You have no lifeline.
You don't belong here.
[EVAN CHUCKLES]
For an extra 5 bucks
she'll spit in your face, Mom.
No, really, what's his future?
He has no soul.
You were never meant to be.
Psychic, huh?
This won't come as much
of a shock to you.
- Thank you.
MAN: No problem.
When'd you start smoking again?
Lay off, Evan.
Hey.
What-?
You're not gonna let that old hag
ruin the rest of our time together?
She's nuts, she's a lunatic.
They-That's like an act.
- They just do that-
- I know.
I'm sorry, she just hit a nerve.
Well, why?
I don't get it.
Before you were born,
I was pregnant twice...
...and they were both stillbirths.
Why didn't you ever tell me that?
It's not something I like to remember.
And then when I was
pregnant with you...
...I was terrified.
I had to expect the worst.
And?
And you came out fine.
And ever since then, I've considered you
my little miracle baby.
Don't cry.
Come on, let's go. It's late.
[AP2'S "THE END"
PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS]
"I never wanted
to be in the movie, anyway.
I was cold, so I wanted to wear my clothes.
Mr. Miller took my shirt off."
- What the fuck are you doing?
- Shh, I need quiet for this.
Are you stupid or what, man?
Maybe there's a reason
you repressed the day...
...some pervert had you
in your tighty-whities.
Hey, man, I'd think twice
about what you're doing.
You could wake up a lot more
fucked-up than you are now.
- More fucked-up than I already am?
- No, I'm-
You think you know me? I don't know me.
Whoa!
Oh, shit. Sorry.
KAYLEIGH:
No, it's my fault.
Can we get through one damn day...
...without you breaking something?
[KAYLEIGH GASPS]
Hey.
Evan.
Oh, my God. It's been a long time.
- How you been?
- Same old, same old, you know?
No, I don't know. Fill me in.
Uh, well, I'm going to State now.
It's going good. My mom's good.
You want a smoke?
- No, not since we were kids.
- Yeah?
- I've quit, like, 100 times.
- Ha-ha-ha.
- Are you walking home?
- Uh-huh.
- Can I walk you?
- Sure. Heh.
- Oh, my God.
- So...
...how's Tommy?
Well, they kept him
in juvie for a few years...
...but now he's working
over at Dale's Auto Body.
That's good.
Still living with your dad?
No.
I emancipated myself at 15.
Must've taken a lot of courage.
Not if you remember my dad.
Well, couldn't you have just
moved in with your mom?
No, she had a new family.
Wasn't enough room. Whatever.
Well, look, the reason I came back
to town was to talk to you.
To me? Why?
Ahem. Well... Heh. Heh.
Remember when we were kids
and I used to have those blackouts?
Yeah, of course.
Well, some of those memories
have been coming back to me.
And I just-I wanted to talk to you...
...about one of them in particular.
Well, I'll try to remember.
When we were kids, uh...
...your dad was making a movie...
...about Robin Hood, something.
What do you wanna know, Evan?
Is-? Did he-?
What happened in the basement?
Look, it was a long time ago.
I know.
Is that why you came
all the way back here?
To ask a lot of stupid questions
about Robin Hood?
No, I-
I just think that something really bad
might have happened.
Is there a point to any of this?
Look, whatever happened,
it wasn't our fault.
We were kids. I mean, there was
nothing that we could do to deserve-
Just shut up, Evan!
You're wasting your breath.
You can't hate yourself
because your dad's a twisted freak.
Who are you trying to convince, Evan?
You come all the way
back here to stir up my shit...
...just because you have
a bad memory?
What, do you want me
to just cry on your shoulder...
...and tell you everything's
all better now?
Well, fuck you, Evan!
Nothing's all better, okay?
Nothing ever gets better!
[KAYLEIGH SOBBING]
You know, if I was so wonderful, Evan...
...why didn't you call me?
Why did you just leave me here to rot?
[HEAVY METAL MUSIC
PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS]
Some dude left a message for you.
You can smell that
all the way in the bathroom.
PROFESSOR CARTER:
Hi, Evan, this is Professor Carter.
I just wondered why you didn't
hand in your essay.
I was a bit concerned.
Call me to schedule a make-up.
[ANSWERING MACHINE BEEPS]
TOMMY:
What'd you say to my sister, motherfucker?
Last night she cried on the phone
for over an hour to me.
She said you came
and saw her last night.
She-
She fucking killed herself tonight.
She's dead.
And so are you.
[ANSWERING MACHINE BEEPS]
EVAN: If the scar on my stomach
didn't just come out of nowhere...
...maybe my father wasn't
as crazy as everyone thought.
If I can make scars,
do I have the power to heal them?
What about Kayleigh's scars?
"I never wanted to be in the movie, anyway.
It was cold,
so I wanted to wear my clothes.
But Mr. Miller took my shirt off."
[RUMBLING AND CREAKING]
I've got an idea.
Let's go down to the basement.
It'll look more like a dungeon down there.
A little light here. Huh?
[STAIR CREAKS]
Hey, now, what did I tell you
about keeping that door shut?
But I wanna see.
You'll see the back of my fist in about
two seconds if you don't do what I tell you.
Now, in this part of the story...
...Robin Hood has just married
Maid Marian...
...and they have to kiss and stuff,
like the grown-ups do.
So take off your clothes, Kayleigh.
Come on, just like when we take a bath.
Don't make a big deal out of it.
You too, Evan.
Come on, let's go. Let's go.
We're making a movie here.
[WHISPERS]
Put your hands on your ears.
[IN NORMAL VOICE]
What time is it?
It's time for you to do what I tell you to do.
Wrong answer, fuckbag!
This is the very moment
of your reckoning.
In the next 30 seconds, you're gonna
open up one of two doors.
The first door will forever traumatize
your own flesh and blood.
What-? What-? What's happening?
How are you doing this?
It'll change your daughter
from a beautiful child...
...into an empty shell
whose only concept of trust...
...was betrayed by her own
sick pedophile father!
Ultimately, it'll lead to her suicide.
- Nice work, Daddy.
- Who are you?
Let's just say you're being
closely watched, George.
Your other option is to treat Kayleigh like-
Say like a loving father treats his daughter.
Sound okay to you, Papa?
- Yes.
- Listen close then, fuckbag.
You screw this up again...
...I'll flat-out castrate you.
What you need to do
is discipline your son Tommy...
...because the kid is one sadistic pup.
One last thing.
Don't ever touch me again!
I- I won't.
[GROANING]
[VOICES OVERLAPPING INDISTINCTLY]
EVAN:
Crockett!
Kayleigh, I can't believe you came.
Hey, you got one.
Check out our new house.
KAYLEIGH:
Hell or high water.
[KAYLEIGH LAUGHS]
[GRUNTS]
Honey, are you all right?
[BOTH GASP]
Oh, my God, Evan, you're bleeding.
Kayleigh, you're st~ You.
The-
Incredible.
Well, thanks. Go get cleaned up
and come back to bed.
Unh. Where are my clothes?
Those are your clothes, silly.
[GRUNTS]
The bathroom's-
Hurry up.
I want a quickie before school.
GIRLS:
C-H-l-P-H-l-B-E-T-A
We're the Chi Phi Beta bitches
We've come to play, meow
We'll astound you with our beauty
Leave you nothing to say
C-H-l-P-H-l-B-E-T-A, meow
- C-H-l-P-H-l-B-E-T-A
WOMAN 1: Call me back in 45 minutes.
We're the Chi Phi Beta bitches
We've come to play, meow
[WOMAN 2 LAUGHS]
[SHOWER RUNNING]
[WOMEN MEOWING]
What?
[SHOWER TURNS OFF]
Un-fucking-believable. All right.
I wish I could get
as excited over a nosebleed.
Sorry, uh, I didn't see you.
What?
You're the girl
that was with those assholes...
...throwing the popcorn at Thumper.
What?
And your name is Gwen. I know you.
[LAUGHS]
Seriously, Evan, lay off the blow.
- Hi.
[WOMEN GIGGLE]
Hey, um, ahem...
...don't freak out
when I ask you this...
...but do you remember when
your dad got that video camera?
What's up, man?
Yeah, um...
...I think he had it like the first day...
...and then he gave it away or something.
Why would that freak me out?
I don't know.
- Just being weird. Heh.
- You are such a goofus.
- So I'll see you tonight?
- Okay.
WOMAN: Hey, guys. Ha-ha-ha.
MEN: Hey.
[LINE RINGS]
Come on, Mom.
ANDREA: Andrea.
EVAN: Evan.
CHUCK: And Chuck.
ALL: Aren't home right now.
You know what to do.
[ANSWERING MACHINE BEEPS]
Uh, hey, Mom.
It's me. And hey, Chuck.
Uh, I'm just calling to say hi, I guess.
Give me a call back.
Hey, Thumper, do you know
what time it is, man?
What's the matter, you lost your Rolex?
Fuck you, frat boy!
Remember, everyone,
there's only two more weeks...
...until your psych projects are due.
Uh, about that essay I missed last week...
...we're still okay with the extension, right?
And you are?
Evan Treborn.
Well, the answer's no, Mr. Treborn.
Now, please take your seat.
The exam is about to begin.
All right, settle down, everyone.
The exam will begin in one minute.
Get off me, asshole.
You guys started that shit.
Evan, you're hysterical.
Did you study for this?
Oh, uh...
...we'll find out, huh?
Ha-ha-ha. Me neither.
- Holy shit. Are these the answers?
- Damn, Evan, keep it on the DL.
[SIGHS AND CLEARS THROAT]
Hey, uh...
...I wanna do something special
for Kayleigh tomorrow night.
Uh, so if I said that I needed...
...some help from you and the brothers...
I'd say "Blow me."
Get the pledges to do it.
- Right, the pledges.
- Yeah.
PROFESSOR CARTER:
You may begin now.
[KAYLEIGH LAUGHS]
KAYLEIGH:
Oh, that was so good.
Oh, my God.
Where'd you learn those new tricks?
Why?
It wasn't weird, was it?
Yeah, if you call multiple orgasms weird.
[PHONE RINGING]
Hello?
[LINE DISCONNECTS]
- Fuck them.
- Hello?
Oh.
What do you think it is about us...
...that makes us so perfect?
I mean...
...why did you sneak out...
...to visit me after I moved away?
Because I missed you.
[LAUGHS]
What, do you think my dad could have
stopped me from seeing you?
What's he gonna do? Ha-ha-ha.
Oh, my gosh. My toes are numb.
Do you think that we'll be together forever?
That is the plan, isn't it?
- "Hell or high water"?
- Yeah.
Yeah, that's-
I was just making sure. Yup.
Yeah, that's the plan! Heh.
All right, uh...
...all you rushes, you know
what you have to do for me.
MAN 1:
Pledges. Uh...
We're-We're pledges, sir.
Uh, brother Evan, sir.
Ha-ha-ha. Are you kidding me?
What? What'd you say to me?
You know what, give me
the Greek alphabet. Give it to me!
- Uh, uh~
- Uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh.
- Alpha, beta-
- Alpha, beta, gamma, delta...
...zeta, eta, theta, iota, kappa, lambda, mu, nu,
xi, sigma, tau, upsilon, phi, chi, psi, omega, sir!
Maybe that's what it is!
Don't fucking look at me, look down.
Uh...
All right, um...
So you pledges...
...you guys know
what you need to do for me.
And, um, you guys take a shower.
And if anyone gives you any trouble...
...you tell them I said it was okay.
- What?
MAN 2: Yo, what's up?
[CHUCKLES]
- Shower that, bitch.
MAN 3: Ha-ha-ha.
KAYLEIGH:
I don't understand. Where are you taking me?
EVAN:
I'm not telling.
[JIMMY EAT WORLD'S "HEAR YOU ME"
PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS]
Oh, my God!
[KAYLEIGH LAUGHING]
Wow, it's beautiful.
Go on, sit down.
Thank you.
You gave us someplace to go
I never said thank you for that
Why are you doing this for me?
When I woke up this morning...
...I saw your smile.
That smile. And I knew...
...that I wanted to spend
the rest of my life with you.
Now I'll never have a chance
May angels lead you in
[DOOR BANGS]
I've been looking all over for you, man.
Someone trashed your car.
What the-?
Who did this?
Who did it?
It was probably those Beta fuckers.
No, no, no.
How did somebody get away with this
right in front of the frat house?
MAN 1; Dude, what is that, a dog collar?
KAYLEIGH: Tommy.
MAN 2:
Someone's gonna get their ass kicked.
Don't.
He might be watching.
It's my fault.
I should have told you
he was released a few weeks ago.
Yeah, it might have been nice.
God.
Like this is gonna do any good.
Maybe one of the frat guys
has got a gun.
Evan, don't even joke!
He's not gonna hurt you, okay?
He's just trying
to scare you away from me.
He killed my dog.
- You don't remember that?
- Evan, it's not his fault.
You know how bad he had it
when we were kids.
Oh, no, don't give me
this bad upbringing shit.
You turned out just fine.
My father never laid a hand on me.
It's like that prick saved it all up
for Tommy.
Okay. All right. Uh...
We'll let campus security deal with it. Okay?
You know what?
I think I should sleep alone.
No, you're not staying alone.
I'm staying with you.
Evan, I just-I don't want Tommy
to see us together right now.
No, I lost you once
and I'm not losing you again.
KAYLEIGH: What do you mean,
you lost me once?
Evan, you never lost me.
What are you talking about?
God, you've been acting so weird lately.
Look, my car just got wrecked, okay?
I'm kind of freaking out.
I know that, but...
...your accent's changed.
You don't even walk the same.
What, I walk differently?
I mean, that dinner tonight...
...it was so beautiful. It was gorgeous.
But it just wasn't you.
I can't do something nice for you?
I mean, it's...
Wait. Isn't that your jacket?
Tommy!
You stay away from us, you sick fuck.
Oh, get this "us" shit.
Like I'd ever lay a hand on my own sister.
You're doing real nice for yourself, Evan.
You've got a nice life...
...you got nice friends...
...not to mention you're fucking my sister.
Not a bad piece of ass, if I say so myself.
- Shut up, Tommy!
- Oh, come on. That's a compliment.
All right, what are you doing, man?
What the fuck?
Oh, it's not good enough that
the whole fucking world loves you?
But you gotta take the only thing on this
earth that doesn't think that I'm a piece of shit?
Tommy, you know I love you.
All right, look, no one thinks
that you're a piece of shit, Tom.
Oh, yeah, what was it you said?
I think I believe it was, uh, "sick fuck"!
KAYLEIGH: Don't! Tommy! Aah! Stop!
EVAN: Aah! Aah!
Oh, God! Oh, God! Stop!
- Aah!
- Stop!
Stop! Oh my God!
EVAN:
Tommy. Unh.
KAYLEIGH: Stop! Oh my God! Oh!
TOMMY: Unh!
KAYLEIGH:
No, Evan! Stop!
- Stop it! You're gonna kill him!
EVAN: He's a fucking maniac!
[ALARM WHISTLING]
KAYLEIGH:
Don't do this, I'm begging you!
You ruined Lenny's life!
[GROANING]
You killed Crockett!
You killed that woman and her baby!
Now you're trying to kill me.
Just trying to fucking kill me!
[KAYLEIGH WHIMPERS]
[SCREAMING AND SOBBING]
[SIREN WAILING IN DISTANCE]
What did you do? What did you do?
Oh, my God!
Oh, my God! What did you do?
- Oh, my God!
MAN: Drop the bat! Come on!
[ALL SHOUTING AND YELLING]
You right there, faggot!
[MAN SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY]
[MEN LAUGHING]
First time?
Yeah.
You'd better not bitch up, man.
You'll wind up someone's luggage that way.
Can you protect me?
Jesus himself couldn't make me
stand up against the Brotherhood.
Look, man...
...when they come...
...you go someplace else
in your head, man.
[WHISPERS]
Be somewhere else.
MAN 1:
Back your ass up.
MAN 2:
Move away.
Yo, give me that.
MAN 1: My shit.
MAN 2: Yeah, yeah.
MAN 3:
What's up?
I spoke to your lawyer.
And, uh, he says he's sure
he can get you off on self-defense.
So if you're just patient...
Mom...
- ...how long am I gonna be in here?
- I don't know.
These things take time.
What about the journals?
Did you bring me the ones
I asked you to bring?
Yeah, I found these two.
The others are still in storage.
Mom! I-
I need them all, all of them.
And I'm gonna get them to you...
...but right now, you need to concentrate
on the case.
Uh-
Please.
All right.
You're right.
What about Kayleigh?
Is she all right?
Try to tell her I'm sorry.
GUARD:
Time's up.
ANDREA:
I'm not gonna lose you, kiddo.
Promise me you'll hang on.
[GATE SLAMS]
[GASPS AND GRUNTS]
Shit on my dick or blood on my knife.
EVAN:
They're mine.
[MEN CHUCKLING]
[BOTH GRUNTING]
[MEN SHOUTING AND CHEERING]
Come on!
GUARD 1: Back the fuck off!
- Pfft.
Show's over, ladies!
Put this maggot back in his cell.
GUARD 2:
Move it! Come on, let's go! Come on!
[GASPS]
We'll be seeing you later on tonight,
little sister.
Ow.
[EVAN GRUNTS]
MAN: "Today, I found
my grandfather's death certificate.
He died in a nuthouse just like my father.
Mom denies it, but she thinks
I'm going to end up the same way."
Boo-hoo-hoo!
[MEN LAUGHING]
[CHATTERING]
MAN 1: Mine!
MAN 2: Short!
MAN 3:
Come on. Let's go, let's go, let's go!
Come on, Reese.
You're religious, Carlos.
You believe in that whole bit,
the Lord works in mysterious ways?
Straight up, man.
Because I think Jesus sent me
to your cell for a reason.
For you to help me.
Shit.
I knew you were crazy, man.
I ain't bullshitting you.
Jesus speaks to me in my dreams.
Oh, yeah?
That's cool. Great.
A pack of smokes says
I can prove it to you.
When I'm out, I need you to watch
my hands and face closely.
You need to see the prison shrink, man.
Just tell me if you see anything just weird.
Weirder than this?
It could be marks. It could be scars.
It could be anything, I don't know.
[EVAN MUMBLING]
EVAN: On Wednesday, I got in trouble
for a drawing I didn't do.
Mommy won't let me see it.
[RUMBLING AND CREAKING]
[MAKING FARTING SOUNDS]
Hey, no monkey business, Evan.
Sit down and finish your drawing.
That's great, everyone.
Just imagine what you wanna be.
There's no limits.
Oh, Mrs. Boswell.
[SCREAMS]
Sweet Jesus, it's a miracle!
Look, the stigmata, man.
What'd you see? What'd it look like?
The signs of the Lord, man.
They just come out of nowhere.
Man, I thought you were-
I thought you were fucking crazy, man.
So now you believe me.
Straight up, man.
EVAN:
Wanna make a deal?
All right, look. I'm new here...
...but I think I get how things work.
You either join a gang or you're dead.
Well, I sure as fuck ain't joining up
with no spies or niggers.
And I don't wanna die. So...
...what do I gotta do?
I'm the new guy.
I gotta work my way up, so...
...should I...
...suck your dick now...
...or...?
Is your blood pure?
Well, I ain't no fucking kike,
if that's what you're asking me.
Well, then, let's see what you got, honey.
Watch the fucking teeth
or you'll be leaving without them.
Yes, sir.
Come to Daddy.
[GROANS]
CARLOS: Come on!
EVAN: Carlos!
"We took the woods behind the junkyard
to make sure we wouldn't bump into Tommy.
- We hadn't seen the smoke yet."
- Unh!
Hold them. Hold them!
"We took the woods behind the junkyard just
to make sure we wouldn't bump into Tommy.
We hadn't seen the smoke yet."
[MAN YELLS]
Rot in hell, you fucking animals!
Wait, before we-
We need something
that could open the sack.
[GRUNTS]
I want you to take this, Lenny.
Today's your day of atonement.
I know how guilty you feel
about that woman and her baby.
Evan, stop it. It's not the time.
Now's the only time! Today you
get a chance to redeem yourself...
...to start all over with a clean slate.
- What are you talking about?
- Evan, you're acting crazy.
Please, if you've ever trusted me
before, trust me on this one.
Cut the rope.
Come on.
- Listen to me good, Evan.
- I'll do whatever you want.
You don't want me
to see Kayleigh ever again, fine.
Just let Crockett go.
Besides, if you kill him now...
...they'll stick you in juvie for sure.
And I know you'd never leave
your sister alone with your father.
[DOG WHIMPERS]
[GROWLING]
Lenny, no!
[TOMMY GASPS]
God.
Oh, God, Lenny.
I said, cut the rope.
[SCREAMING]
[DOG BARKING]
It's all backwards.
Ow.
[GROANING]
KAYLEIGH:
Evan...
Who did it?
[MAN 1 SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY]
MAN 2:
What the fuck?
[PANTING]
[BARKING]
EVAN:
Lenny, no!
[KAYLEIGH SCREAMS]
MAN 3:
Want a ride?
EVAN:
Lenny!
Somebody call 911!
Evan! Evan! Fuck. Evan!
[DR. REDFIELD SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY]
EVAN:
Hey, doc.
What's the damage?
- How much time do I got?
- Cute, Evan.
DR. REDFIELD:
It's a little complicated.
I haven't seen results like these before.
Not even with my father?
Well, actually, they didn't
have these tests 20 years ago.
So, what did you find?
We're finding most of the hemorrhaging
is coming from here...
...the outer layer of the cerebral cortex.
That's where the memories
are stored, Mom.
- Thank you, Evan.
- Uh-huh.
I've never seen anything like it.
We compared these
to the ones taken last year.
We found severe hemorrhaging
and massive neural reconstruction.
- And what does that mean for Evan?
- He's saying I've jammed...
...40 years worth of memories
into my head in the last year.
It's overload city. I've completely
reprogrammed my brain.
- That about the gist of it, doc?
- Yeah.
All right, I'm gonna go wait in the car.
The light in here is kind
of bugging my eyes, so...
It was good seeing you, doc. It really was.
It was very-Very informative.
But, you know, I got, uh, people to see...
...and things to read.
All right, see you.
[DOOR BEEPS THEN BUZZES]
Hey.
It's me...
...Evan.
Can I get you anything?
What about-?
What about some of those...
...model airplanes you like, huh?
[WHISPERS] I bet I can get a shitload of
those model airplanes up in here.
Lenny.
You knew the whole time, didn't you?
When you put that shard in my hand...
...you knew something big
was gonna happen.
Didn't you?
Yeah.
- I knew.
- Then you should be where I am.
You should be...
...where I am.
[DOOR BEEPS THEN BUZZES]
"Today I get to meet my father.
His name is Jason...
...and he's crazy.
I hope he lets me call him Dad."
You okay? Because you look like...
...you went somewhere else
there for a second.
Look, Jason...
...I need some fast answers from you
if I'm ever gonna fix what I've done.
I was praying this curse
would have ended with me.
Yeah, but it didn't.
So now I need information
to make things right again...
...and you're the only one
that can give it to me.
There is no right.
You can't change who people are
without destroying who they were.
Who says
you can't make things better?
You can't play God, son.
It must end with me.
Just by being here,
you may be killing your mother.
That's bullshit, you know?
I'll send you a postcard
when I made everything perfect again.
Aah! No, no!
JASON:
I love-
[SCOTT EVERSOLL'S "SITTIN' SINGLE"
PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS]
Just get out, did you?
Hmm?
Oh, nothing, just that my brother
did a stint in the pen...
...and he used to eat like that. Heh.
I come from a big family.
Well, I meant no offense.
None taken.
Hey, uh...
...does Kayleigh Miller still work here?
I'm sorry. I never heard of her.
[TIRES SCREECH]
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
GEORGE: God! Can't a man get a little
goddamn peace in his own house?!
- I don't suppose you're here to sell cookies.
- Heh, heh.
Good guess, fuckbag.
Unh. Remember me, huh?
We had a nice chat once when I was 7.
I got one question for you.
Where can I find your daughter?
WOMAN:
Goddamn liar!
Oh, I thought you were someone else.
Make it fast, I'm expecting someone.
Hey. It's good to see you.
Can I come in?
If I knew you were coming, I would have
cleaned the stains off the sheets.
What do you want?
- I just needed to see a friendly face.
- Oh.
Well, time is money, Evan, you know?
Money.
I guess I can spare 10 minutes
for an old friend, right?
So, how's tricks?
Sorry, occupational humor.
I got it.
You can stop now.
Oh, sorry.
Does my line of work make you
uncomfortable, precious?
No, just that you felt like
you had to use it to hurt me.
- I've been where you've been.
- Ha! Where is that?
[CHUCKLES]
You wouldn't believe me if I told you.
And I know people always say that,
that you wouldn't believe me...
...but in this case it's not
even worth trying, so...
EVAN:
Nothing else mattered.
I knew I needed to find you.
So I went over to your dad's
and made him tell me where you were.
Then I came here, and the rest you know.
- You're right, Evan, I don't believe you.
- I never thought you would.
That's why I never bothered
to tell a soul until now...
- ...and I never will again.
- I'm the only person you've told?
That's a great line.
Does that make other girls wet?
Do they actually eat up that bullshit?
You know, I could give a shit
whether you believe me or not.
Frankly, I'm too tired to prove it to you-
Oh, there's proof now, huh?
How else would I know you have
twin moles on your inner thigh?
Anyone with 50 bucks could tell you that.
Okay.
Forget that.
How about the fact that you prefer
the smell of skunk to flowers?
Or that you hate cilantro...
...because for some reason
unknown to you...
...it reminds you of your stepsister?
Or that when you have an orgasm,
your toes go numb?
I'm sure all of your clientele
are privy to that.
You know?
Look, I just thought you should know.
Know what?
That you were happy once...
...with me.
You know, there's one
major hole in your story.
There's no fucking way
on this planet or any other...
...I would ever be
in some fucking sorority!
- You were happy there.
- Oh, you're crying?
You sure you don't want your wallet?
No, I don't need it where I'm going.
What, are you off to change
everyone else's life again? Is that it?
Maybe next time
you'll pop up in some mansion...
...while I end up in Tijuana
doing some donkey act.
You know what? I'm over it.
Every time I try to help someone...
...everything just goes to shit.
Well, don't give up now, Slick.
Hell, you've already
done so much for me.
Why don't you go back in time...
...and save Mrs. Halpern and her baby?
And then maybe Lenny wouldn't
freak out and ruin my family.
No, go back to when I was 7...
...and fuck me in front
of my daddy's video camera.
Straighten me out a bit.
[BAUHAUS' "DARK ENTRIES"
PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS]
[GIRL SQUEALS]
You're on my bed. Get out!
Buddy, I thought it'd be okay
what with you being sick and all.
[MUSIC STOPS]
[CHAIR SHATTERS]
I'm not gonna say it again.
EVAN: The last thing I remember before
the blackout was holding my hands...
...over Kayleigh's ears. I think I was
more focused on her hands on mine...
...than the mailbox across the street.
Lady, stay back! Don't go near the mailbox!
- Idiot!
- I mean it, woman! Get the hell back!
TOMMY:
I'll save you, lady!
[WOMAN MOANING]
MAN:
Slow down, slow down.
Goddamn it.
I thought I told you two to get out.
Oh, sorry, man. Did we wake you?
No, it's cool.
Okay.
It's really cool. Ha-ha-ha.
[GRUNTING]
What the fuck is this?
[GROANS]
ANDREA: Please save his arm.
EVAN: Can you open up my locker?
CHILDREN: Happy birthday!
KAYLEIGH: Where do you wanna go now?
EVAN: Can I come too?
KAYLEIGH: You want me to hold your popcorn?
Evan. Evan? Get a towel! Get a towel!
Evan! Oh, my God.
Evan! Evan! Evan!
EVAN:
Hey, where you going?
LENNY: You ever notice Kayleigh's smile?
I love her smile.
KAYLEIGH:
Lenny's the best.
EVAN:
You guys make a great couple.
You ever think that I'll find someone?
[COUGHING]
Evan!
- Unh. Where are we going?
- We're taking you to the hospital, Evan.
- No, take me back.
- Sorry, your mom would kill me.
[KAYLEIGH GASPS]
- Oh.
EVAN: You take me back, Lenny!
[MEN & WOMEN LAUGHING]
You owe me that much.
What are you geeks looking at?
It must be nice to be
so goddamn perfect, huh?!
You fucking losers! Lenny, help me!
God. Here, get him over. Get him over.
Hey, Brian, how's your head feeling, buddy?
I saw that girl you went home with.
Did she borrow your razor this morning?
You're so bad.
Hey, there's Tommy. Hey, Tommy! Tommy!
Hey, what's up, guys?
Hey, man, I did what you said.
We're pooling our student funds
with the Hillel House...
...and we're having an awareness dance.
EVAN: Oh.
Awesome.
Maybe I can spin my chair around...
...to a techno remix of "Hava Nagila"
till I puke.
Maybe we should be getting to class now.
What's the point of psych class now?
Tomorrow I could wake up
a dirt farmer in Bangladesh. Heh.
Let's go for a stroll.
Bye, babe.
- Yippee.
- Bye, sis.
[WHISPERS]
What's up with him?
EVAN: So Tommy's really
into this Jesus freak thing, huh?
You know how spiritual he's gotten...
...ever since he saved
Mrs. Halpern and Katie.
He saved Mrs. Halpern?
Please. The twisted fuck.
KAYLEIGH:
Here, why don't we sit right here?
Want a granola bar?
Here, just-
Yeah, I gotta fix these things or something.
Kayleigh...
...do you ever think about us?
I mean, do you ever wonder...
...if things might have been
different between us?
Sure, Evan.
You were the first person
I really ever cared about.
- I was?
- Yeah.
That's why when I was little,
I never went to live with my mother.
I don't get it.
When my folks split up...
...they gave me and Tommy a choice
of who we wanted to live with.
And I couldn't stand my dad.
But I knew that
if I went to move with my mom...
...I'd never see you again.
I didn't know that.
So you still think about us...
...together?
Well, it's crossed my mind
from time to time.
- And?
- Ha-ha-ha.
Well, a lot of things
have crossed my mind, Ev.
I mean, I could play out
the entire movie of our lives...
...in one second. Boom, we fall in love,
we get married. We have kids.
Our kids grow old, as do we.
Matching burial plots. The whole thing. Heh.
Plah, it took a lot longer
to spit out than to imagine.
Things like that usually do.
So...
...do you think that it might have worked?
Yeah.
I mean, but that's not how things wound up.
I'm with Lenny.
Lenny is your friend...
...and that's where it ends.
Well...
...would it make a difference if I told you that...
...no one could possibly ever love anyone
as much as I love you?
You know, I'm not saying that. I don't-
- Yeah.
- You know. I'm not-I'm just saying it like...
...if you were a girl,
would that be something...
...that you would wanna hear?
Hold on one second. Lenny's calling.
I'll be right back, Ev, okay?
He's a little down. He'll be all right.
LENNY:
All right.
[KAYLEIGH CHUCKLES]
[GASPS]
[COUGHS]
Oh, my-You forgot to put
the toaster on the ledge.
Lenny likes Pop-Tarts.
You guys are all that matter now.
Man, I know it's hard, but you can't give up.
I can't even fucking kill myself.
Don't talk like that.
[EVAN SOBBING]
All right, I gotta get you out of here.
Visiting hours are almost over.
Did Mom get transferred again?
What are you talking about?
She's been here the entire time.
Looking... good, kiddo.
EVAN:
What the hell?
Lung cancer.
You started chain-smoking
when I blew myself up.
Sorry, Mrs. T, he's been
acting out of sorts lately.
- I think I could fix this.
- Fix?
I just need the journal entry
about the blockbuster and-
Shit, no arms. I never wrote it.
You're... acting different.
No, he's just going through
tough times right now.
Mom, you're gonna be okay.
I can change it.
Um, maybe-
I'm gonna go down to the chapel.
You're... acting...
...just like your father.
Just because he went crazy
when he was my age...
...doesn't mean I'm gonna go crazy, Mom.
How... did...
...you... know that?
You told me...
...on Parents' Weekend, remember?
It wasn't me.
- Just... like... Jason.
- Or you.
You don't worry, Mom.
I'm gonna get you out of here. Okay?
No.
You're not gonna hurt anymore.
I'm gonna fix it.
No.
No, no.
LENNY:
Are you sure you even packed it?
EVAN:
My mom packed it.
I think she sent everything I ever owned.
- Is this it?
- Yeah.
What do you want it for?
I don't get you lately.
Duly noted.
Okay, I have to ask you one last favor.
- What?
- I need you to be quiet.
I have to concentrate
if I wanna destroy the blockbuster.
- What? What, the blockbuster?
- If I hadn't blown off my arms...
...my mom would've never
started smoking in the first place.
- You-
- Never mind. Just open it.
Turn it. There.
EVAN: Today Mommy is taking me to play
with Kayleigh and Tommy.
I will meet their father
and see what a real dad is like.
Now, how do I destroy the blockbuster?
Evan, what are you doing with that knife?
Well, that didn't work. Go on, turn it.
Turn it. There.
"I never wanted to be in the movie, anyway.
And I was cold, so I wanted to wear my clothes.
But Mr. Miller took my shirt off."
GEORGE:
In this part of the story...
...Robin Hood has just married Maid Marian.
And they have to kiss and stuff...
...like grown-ups do.
Wait, I need my belt.
[WHISTLING]
GEORGE:
Hey, don't even bother about a belt.
- Hey.
- Back off, fuckbag.
Amazing that word never fails
to make an impression with you.
Heh. Easy does it, Evan.
Don't be a bad boy or I'll tell your mother...
...what a naughty little shit you are.
And I'll tell Child Protective Services
about your little kiddie porn endeavors.
One step closer
and I'll shove this up your ass.
Hey, that's dangerous.
You could blow off your hands.
Been there, done that.
GEORGE:
Hey!
- Sparkler.
- Kayleigh, no!
[EXPLOSION]
No! Kayleigh, no!
[GROANING]
Hey, man.
[KAYLEIGH CHUCKLES]
ANDREA:
- good, kiddo.
MAN 1: I've got no choice but to commit you
to Sunnyvale Institution...
ANDREA: Evan, you're gonna have
to live somewhere else for a while.
EVAN: A squashed butterfly.
Where's my mommy?
I'm so sick of this!
MAN 2:
Maybe we should up your medication.
EVAN:
I have my medication.
[VOICES OVERLAPPING INDISTINCTLY]
[GASPS]
- Where are my goddamn books?
- Hey, Evan.
We're not supposed
to meet for another hour.
Where are my goddamn books?
- Books?
- My journals. I-I need them.
So if you'd give them to me, it'd help a lot.
It really hurts me to go through this again.
There are no journals.
There never were.
It's part of the fantasy world
that your mind created...
...to cope with the guilt
of killing Kayleigh Miller.
Think, Evan, think.
You've created a disease
that does not exist...
...alternate universes with colleges
and prisons and paraplegia.
I want my journals and I want them now!
And I know that you got them
and you're gonna give them to me!
You're not gonna hide them from me!
I want them!
You're reminding me of your father.
He was always screaming
for a photo album...
...even though he never had one.
I'm so sorry.
I'm-
A photo album?
- Photos.
- Evan?
The damage is irreparable.
[SOBBING]
Frankly, I'm surprised he still
has use of his motor functions.
Mom?
Um, did you remember to bring...
...those home movies that we used to make?
Yeah, they're right here.
Good, because I'd really like
to watch them.
So that's good.
DR. REDFIELD: I think it's best we transfer him
to Belleview first thing in the morning.
[DOORKNOB CLICKS]
If anyone finds this...
...it means that my plan didn't work...
...and I'm already dead.
He's not in his room. Search the grounds.
If I can somehow go back...
DR. REDFIELD: Check that one across the hall,
- ...to the beginning of all of this...
DR. REDFIELD: Evan!
- ...I might be able to save her.
DR. REDFIELD:
Evan!
MAN 1: Over here.
DR. REDFIELD: Evan!
MAN 1:
I think he's in here.
DR. REDFIELD:
Evan!
ANDREA:
Jason, cut it out.
- I'm trying to have a baby. Ha-ha-ha.
- Ha-ha-ha.
MAN 2:
Come out! Come on out!
Go away.
[RUMBLING AND CREAKING]
[SCREAMS THEN GROANING]
Something's wrong!
It's killing me!
- Make it stop!
- Cord's entangled.
Heart rate is decelerating.
ANDREA:
What's happening?
PSYCHIC:
You have no lifeline, no soul.
You were never meant to be.
DOCTOR 1:
He's choking himself.
No!
Okay, let's do a rapid sequence intubation...
...for a C-section, stat!
ANDREA: Save him!
DOCTOR 2: Not getting enough oxygen!
We're losing him.
- We're losing him!
ANDREA: No!
ANDREA:
Before you were born...
...I was pregnant three times...
...but they were all stillbirths.
I've kind of thought of you
as my miracle baby ever since.
[ANDREA SCREAMS]
ANDREA:
Not again!
[ANDREA SOBBING]
No!
KAYLEIGH:
I couldn't stand my dad...
...but I knew that if I went
to live with my mom...
...I'd never see you again.
[EKG FLATLINING]
[BABY CRYING]
[SIGHS]
- Kayleigh, Tommy! Oh, my God!
KAYLEIGH & TOMMY: Ha-ha-ha.
MRS. MILLER:
I missed you, I missed you.
I'll never let you guys
out of my sight again.
[INAUDIBLE DIALOGUE]
ALL:
Yeah!
True happiness can only be
achieved through sacrifice...
...like the sacrifices our parents
have made for us to be here today.
KAYLEIGH:
Whoo-hoo! All right, Tommy!
[INAUDIBLE DIALOGUE]
[English - US - SDH]